Ask the coach to get back to the police
The coach is my helpless person
I misunderstood Mr. Guo. Please coach me. I will accept my forgiveness and forgive you.
It's called lies. He often talks behind the coach's back about how bad the coach is.
Coach, if you are unhappy about something, I will drag you out right away to take a look.
Coach coach coach coach Li Tema’s return of leave
Please also ask the general to contact Gu Xing. We misunderstood Mr. Guo before.
things between you
That's all. I really haven't met each other yet. I like people.
It's true that I tried it
Go and get the bulk of my selfish secrets.
If you bring more people, you can take care of the rest and I'll be the coach too.
I've helped
What about my next order?
Follow your coach’s orders with all your might
But it will no longer be about the coach, but you will pay homage to the coach.
smeared and thick
Absolutely superior
Your Majesty, you are a natural general.
It's appropriate to be so panicked
It seems from the reports from the past eight hundred miles
What happened to him because he ate his aunt?
Kill them together for twenty yuan
Go talk about the whole Wound Valley
Someone is panicking
It is said that the picture of an unknown person is
Maybe I want to help him escape
I didn't expect his methods
Enter my brother
That won't be possible if he is allowed to control the traveler's house
Then I am the Emperor of Daqing
Please listen to him
I don’t know, but the party can’t bear the anger that hurts the country.
I'll pass it on and practice it
Feng Wuming is the special envoy to recruit Ansheng.